Gameplay
	Initial Screen
		Created automatically at beginning (so it can be re-created)
			Make bootstrap and then copy so that it is inserted into a main area
			Needs button to start game
			Optional bonus inputs for use with API: difficulty, category, number of questions (Each with a default - "", "" (all), 8; category has a Weird Nature extra option that lets you use my questions and disables the other options)
			Explaination of game either talking about 'Weird Nature' or how to use it.
		Start button creates next page automatically, with nothing filled in (if it takes a little time due to API, blank is preferable to fake options that seem workable)
	Trivia questions page
		Timer
			Start timer on start of each question
			Timer stops when submitted, question is given up, or forfeited
				All also add the time used in the question to the total time.
			TimeOut is needed to auto-exit question.
					Because of this, all things in pages other than start page cannot have a 'this' property
						Refer to things based on if they are on the page, or populate things to the object.
			Check that answer clicked matches correct answer...TimeOut auto-gives up
		Populate data
			Create areas
			Get data for questions, populate to 'questions' - so API can be added and not have repeat questions.
			Get question (Use normal order)
			Get answers
				Shuffling algorithm - don't use 'this'

	Answer page
		Create new page and replace main area.
		No 'this'
		Has to show what their answer is, so a variable has to be populated beforehand when submitted.
		give different message for giving up, forfeiting, timing out, and for finishing.
		Finishing may have a different message based on the number.
		Button to go to next question if not forfeited or finished.
		So really:
			Answer page (general)
				-question
				-answer given/if skipped
				-right or wrong
				-if wrong, what the real answer was
			+ forfeited if forfeited
			+ comment on completion if finished normally/based on how many right
			+ End results (if finished any way)


Shuffling
	Shuffling option here: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5329201/jquery-move-elements-into-a-random-order but must be changed to not use 'this'.
